The new Amazon S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval storage class provides low storage cost for the NASCAR Library which houses our growing media archives, and enables our content creators to interact with data of any age in near real time. We manage one of the largest racing media archives in the world. Our customers, who range from the NASCAR Cup series teams to producers, editors, and engineers generate video, audio, and images, many of which are stored in perpetuity. The new storage class will help us save on our storage cost while greatly improving on our restore performance. Now, we can benefit from lower storage cost, with the resiliency of multi-AZ storage, and with immediate retrievals for any media asset!

Pixieset is an all-in-one platform for modern photographers, offering photo client galleries, websites, online stores and studio management software tools.
Pixieset's mission is to support photographers and creatives across the world as they run and grow their business. Our customers expect and rely on us to seamlessly deliver valuable and timeless photographs to their clients. With Amazon S3, we are able to store petabytes of images reliably and retrieve them instantly. As the number of creatives using our platform and unlimited storage option continues to grow, we're storing more and more photos forever. Photographers and creatives don't want to manage their growing galleries of photos, and instead want to focus on creating authentic memories. With S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval, we are able to scale our storage in a cost-effective manner, while continuing to deliver the same real-time access to photos that our users love today.

With S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval, Amagi is excited to improve data retrieval performance for our content owners. Many of our customers using our cloud video on-demand SaaS platforms have asset archival workflows that require fast retrieval of those assets, such as archived TV content, in the rare event they're requested. The S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval storage class lets our cloud broadcasting customers save on storage costs, helps monetise their data by increasing revenue opportunities, and gives them peace of mind that their data will be accessed quickly when a viewer engages with the content.

The S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval storage class fills a market gap for companies servicing customers in the medical imaging and collaborative care market. Our imaging systems empower some of the largest health systems, radiology practices, subspecialty practices, and clinical research organizations to think about their medical imaging data as an asset that could provide new diagnostic and therapy insights. With these long-lived datasets growing at exponential rates, we not only want to manage cost, but also provide the tooling needed to advance patient care. With S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval, we are able to lower storage costs for imaging workloads that require data to be immediately accessible when requested, such as when a radiologist needs to review a patient’s prior history or a collection of archived images needs to be analyzed.